EVELYN: There he is. (crazy person) My silly husband. Probably making things worse- Evelyn watches in shock as Waymond walks back to her. WAYMOND: Everything is going to be okay. She’s going to give us another week for one last meeting. One of the officers cuts her zip tie. Evelyn looks over at Deirdre pulling the lock off the door. Deirdre shakes her head equally shocked that she is letting her off. EVELYN: How? That's impossible. JOBU (O.S.): It's a statistical inevitability. This is nothing special. WAYMOND: I don't know, I just talked to her. Evelyn looks over at Deirdre as she gives Waymond one last knowing nod, before stepping outside with a cigarette. EVELYN:  That’s it? Waymond shrugs and begins sweeping up the glass with a broom. Evelyn hears a voice from another universe. WAYMOND: You think I'm weak, don't you? When we first fell in love all of those years ago, your father would say I was too sweet for my own good. Maybe he was right. ACTION UNIVERSE: INT. IRS 9TH FLOOR ATRIUM - Alpha Jumpers are still pointing their weapons at Evelyn. Waymond stumbles between them, holding his bloody wound. WAYMOND (CONT'D) Please! Can we just stop fighting! Alpha Gong Gong shakes his head at these naive words. WAYMOND (CEO): You tell me that it's a cruel world and we're all just running around in circles. I know that. I've been on this earth just as many days as you. ACTION UNIVERSE: INT. IRS 9TH FLOOR ATRIUM I know you are all fighting because you are scared and confused. I'm confused too. One moment I am here. The next moment I am there. I still haven't seen any raccoons. All day, I don't know what the heck is going on. But somehow it feels like this is my fault. I don’t know. The only thing I do know is we have to be kind. Be kind. Especially, when we don't know what's going on. WAYMOND (CEO) VO: When I choose to see the good side of things, I'm not being naive. It is strategic and necessary. It's how I've learned to survive through everything. Waymond tries to cheer himself up by dancing and humming while he sweeps. Evelyn sees the untouched Tupperware of cookies with a bow. She looks down at the baseball bat she is holding. There are two googly eyes stuck to it. It’s smiling at her. WAYMOND (CEO) VO (CONT'D): I know you go through life with your fists held tight. You see yourself as a fighter. Well, I see myself as one too. This is how I fight. VARIOUS UNIVERSES: Abstract and delicate shots of Waymond throughout the multiverse: He is ecstatic, overwhelmed, crying while laughing, bored. Evelyn is seeing a whole, complete vision of her husband for the first time since she first fell in love, maybe ever. We end on- WAYMOND (CEO): So, even though you have broken my heart yet again, I wanted to say... In another life, I would have really liked just doing laundry and taxes with you. 
